Garbage Game Rules
Setup:
One or more Deck(s) of Cards, Jokers removed.
Designate a dealer, whose responsibilities will be passed to the left after each round.
Deal 10 cards, facedown to each player.
Assemble into two rows of 5 (2x5 grid).

Gameplay:
The aim of the game is to fill each of the facedown card slots with the corresponding card, Ace through 10. (Ace-5 is the top row, 6-10 is the bottom row).
Each turn, the player will either draw a card from the deck or draw the top card of the discard depending on its value (See Specific Rules).
Then, play the card in its corresponding place in the grid. If there is no place available in the grid, discard the card and pass your turn.
If the card was played, flip the facedown card that the played card replaced in the grid. You may now play that card. 
  If there is no place available in the grid, discard the card and pass your turn.
Once you have filled the grid with the corresponding cards, the round is over.
In the next round, the winner of the previous round is dealt one fewer card in their grid (The winner will have a grid from 1-9 whereas other players have a grid from 1-10).
The player to the left of the previous winner starts the new round.
The game ends when a. one player has only one slot left (won 9 rounds) and b. fills it with an Ace.

Specific Rules:
The face cards have different abilities than the number cards.

King:
The King is a wild card and may be played on any available slot in the grid.
The King cannot fill the ace slot of the final round (player has only one slot left).
Discarded Kings cannot be taken out of the discard.
Kings can be replaced by a number card corresponding to the space occupied, and played again as if it had been drawn.

Queen:
The Queen is a steal card.
The player of the Queen selects a card from any of their opponent(s) played cards and replaces it with the Queen, taking the number and playing it in their own grid.
A player may have any number of cards in their grid replaced by Queens.
A player cannot win the given round if there is a Queen within their grid.
Queens can be taken out of a grid, and played as if they had been drawn, if the player plays a number that corresponds with the space the Queen occupies.
Kings may replace Queens, which are played as if they had been drawn.
The Queen may not steal a King from an opponent.
If the opponent(s) do not have any cards played, then the Queen is discarded and the turn is passed.
A discarded Queen may be taken from the discard and played.

Jack:
The jack has no use.
Jacks must be immediately discarded, and the turn is passed.
